fix: rewrite the section about migrating from Che 7.41 (#2365)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/upgrading-che-7-41-on-openshift.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * An instance of {prod-prev-short} deployed on one of the xref:supported-platforms.adoc[], using the default internal PostgreSQL database, and with OpenShift OAuth enabled. See {prod-docs-url-enable-oauth}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An instance of {prod-prev-short} running on one of the xref:supported-platforms.adoc[]. This instance uses the default internal PostgreSQL database and has OpenShift OAuth enabled. See {prod-docs-url-enable-oauth}.
```

Author: @rolfedh, i applied it with a couple of minor tweaks:
```
* An instance of {prod-prev-short} deployed on one of the xref:supported-platforms.adoc[]. The instance uses the default internal PostgreSQL database and has OpenShift OAuth enabled. See {prod-docs-url-enable-oauth}. 
```

> * The following CLI tools are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following command line tools are available:
```

Author: Thank you, Rolfe.

** `oc`
** `curl`
** `jq`
* The host running the upgrade commands is running on Linux.
* Optional:
.. All changes from all workspaces have been commited and pushed to their Git remotes.
.. All workspaces have been stopped to avoid UX degradation.

> .. The {prod-prev-short} data have been backed up. See {prod-docs-url-backup-recovery}.

Reviewer: - Would these be better as first steps in the procedure? 
- Instead of saying "optional," you can preface the step with a condition (precondition). That way, the user can decide if the condition applies to their situation.  
- Some steps, like backing up data, are so common they might not need the precondition.

For example:

```
. To avoid losing work, commit and push changes from all workspaces to their Git remotes.
. To avoid impacting users' experiences, stop all workspaces.
. Back up the {prod-prev-short} data. See {prod-docs-url-backup-recovery}.
```

Author: Rolfe, i like the wording in your suggestion. However, the third/last step would only apply to those admins who are already using the referenced functionality, which means it's definitively optional.

These steps were originally, as you can see in the diff, in the procedure as one first step, listed as a series in one sentence.
However, i'd like to avoid lumping all non-migration tasks and migration tasks into one procedure.
So I figured it'd make things clearer if i moved those into the prerequisites.

Author: Also, i'm not worried about the fact that with this layout and these extra points the list of prerequisites takes more lines that readers are used to seeing in Prerequisites. This is a very important procedure, so it's something that has to be approached with extra care anyway.

Reviewer: @max-cx Sure, keeping it in the prerequisites is fine. We still need to inform the user of the basis for their choice. Stating that it's optional isn't enough.

Reviewer: It sounds like you should provide the user with a precondition for the third/last prerequisite.

.Procedure

> . Download xref:attachment$migration/1-prepare.sh[1-prepare.sh].

Reviewer: Would it work better to batch these four steps into one. For example:
```suggestion
. Download the following migration scripts:
** xref:attachment$migration/1-prepare.sh[1-prepare.sh]: Shuts down {prod-prev-short} and {identity-provider}, fetches users data, and dumps the {prod-short} database.
** etc...
```

Author: Thanks, Rolfe, but this looks too crowded to me:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/172851442-89c226f4-9e4e-41b9-bd57-e21f1a99985c.png)

. Download xref:attachment$migration/4-wait.sh[4-wait.sh].
+
`4-wait.sh` is a migration script that waits until {prod-short} is ready, which can take more than 5 minutes.

. Set the environment variables to use in the migration scripts:
+
[source,bash,subs="+attributes"]
----
export INSTALLATION_NAMESPACE={prod-namespace} # <1>
export PRODUCT_ID={prod-id}
export PRODUCT_DEPLOYMENT_NAME={prod-deployment}
export PRODUCT_OPERATOR_NAME={prod-operator}
export PRODUCT_OLM_STABLE_CHANNEL={prod-stable-channel}
export PRODUCT_OLM_CATALOG_SOURCE={prod-stable-channel-catalog-source}
export PRODUCT_OLM_PACKAGE={prod-stable-channel-package}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE={prod-namespace} # <2>
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_SHORT_ID={pre-migration-prod-id-short}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_DEPLOYMENT_NAME={pre-migration-prod-deployment}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_OPERATOR_NAME={pre-migration-prod-operator}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_CHE_CLUSTER_CR_NAME={pre-migration-prod-checluster}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_IDENTITY_PROVIDER_DEPLOYMENT_NAME={identity-provider-id}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_SUBSCRIPTION_NAME={pre-migration-prod-subscription}
----

> <1> `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.
> <2> `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how these attributes render. Do they sound more like normal speech if you precede them with "The"? For example:
```suggestion
<1> The `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.
<2> The `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.
```

Author: This is how they're rendered:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/172851668-2be3a803-a4d1-4c17-bcc8-6e00718c2e92.png)

I'd like to avoid `The` there, and I'm aware of the styleguide guidance to start a sentence with some capitalized word, but in this case adding `The` makes it more confusing in my opinion.

It's either (a) `eclipse-che` or (b) _another namespace_.

.. All workspaces have been stopped to avoid UX degradation.
.. The {prod-prev-short} data have been backed up. See {prod-docs-url-backup-recovery}.

.Procedure

. Download xref:attachment$migration/1-prepare.sh[1-prepare.sh].
+
`1-prepare.sh` is a migration script that shuts down {prod-prev-short} and {identity-provider}, fetches users data, and dumps the {prod-short} database.

. Download xref:attachment$migration/2-migrate.sh[2-migrate.sh].
+
`2-migrate.sh` is a migration script that fetches {prod-prev-short} {identity-provider} and database data, and repopulates the database with updated data.

. Download xref:attachment$migration/3-subscribe.sh[3-subscribe.sh].
+
`3-subscribe.sh` is a migration script that deletes {prod-prev-short} Operator and {identity-provider} resources, updates the CheCluster CR, and creates a new {prod-short} Operator subscription.

. Download xref:attachment$migration/4-wait.sh[4-wait.sh].
+
`4-wait.sh` is a migration script that waits until {prod-short} is ready, which can take more than 5 minutes.

. Set the environment variables to use in the migration scripts:
+
[source,bash,subs="+attributes"]
----

> export INSTALLATION_NAMESPACE={prod-namespace} # <1>

Reviewer: Would it help to make the use or absence of command prompts consistent in this file? Or is this an exception because we expect the user to copy the whole block of commands? (For example, to edit the values in a text file, and then paste them to a terminal?)

Reviewer: In our Slack thread, we discussed this and decided it might be better to not use command prompts in this instance. Instead, we should tell the user to paste the block of commands into a text editor and insert the correct values before pasting the block of commands into a terminal.

export PRODUCT_OLM_CATALOG_SOURCE={prod-stable-channel-catalog-source}
export PRODUCT_OLM_PACKAGE={prod-stable-channel-package}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE={prod-namespace} # <2>
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_SHORT_ID={pre-migration-prod-id-short}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_DEPLOYMENT_NAME={pre-migration-prod-deployment}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_OPERATOR_NAME={pre-migration-prod-operator}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_CHE_CLUSTER_CR_NAME={pre-migration-prod-checluster}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_IDENTITY_PROVIDER_DEPLOYMENT_NAME={identity-provider-id}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_SUBSCRIPTION_NAME={pre-migration-prod-subscription}
----
<1> `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.
<2> `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.

. Run `chmod` on the downloaded scripts:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ chmod +x ./1-prepare.sh ./2-migrate.sh ./3-subscribe.sh ./4-wait.sh
----

. Run the migration scripts:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ ./1-prepare.sh && ./2-migrate.sh && ./3-subscribe.sh && ./4-wait.sh
----

> .Verification

Reviewer: This seems to duplicate the `.Verification` on line 124.

Reviewer: Combine?

Reviewer: Or is that a verification of the rollback procedure?

Author: Yes, that is a verification of the rollback procedure.

> * Open {prod-short} dashboard and log in.

Reviewer: What should the user expect to see?

Author: Adding this question to the new issue.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If migration fails, use the following steps to roll back to the pre-migration {prod-prev-short} state.

Reviewer: Please move this procedure to a separate module and link to it.
Admonitions should be short, concise, and not contain procedures.

Author: Thank you, Rolfe. I'll open an issue for this to be dealt with after the release.

export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_OLM_CHANNEL={pre-migration-prod-channel}
export PRE_MIGRATION_PRODUCT_OLM_CATALOG_SOURCE={pre-migration-prod-catalog-source}
----
<1> `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.
<2> `{prod-namespace}` or another {orch-namespace} where {prod-prev-short} was previously installed.

. Download the xref:attachment$migration/rollback.sh[rollback.sh] script.

. Run `chmod` on the `rollback.sh` script:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ chmod +x ./rollback.sh

Reviewer 2: seems overkill to split this into 2 steps, but :shrug:
